README.md, before:

<!---
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License. See accompanying LICENSE file.
--->
<img style="width:100%;" src="datacollector_splash.png">

What is StreamSets Data Collector?
-----------

StreamSets Data Collector is an enterprise grade, open source, continuous big data ingestion infrastructure.
It has an advanced and easy to use User Interface that lets data scientists, developers and data infrastructure
teams easily create data pipelines in a fraction of the time typically required to create complex ingest scenarios.
Out of the box, StreamSets Data Collector reads from and writes to a
large number of end-points, including S3, JDBC, Hadoop, Kafka,
Cassandra and many others. You can use Python, Javascript and Java Expression Language in addition to a large number
of pre-built stages to transform and process the data on the fly. For fault tolerance
and scale out, you can setup data pipelines in cluster mode and perform fine grained monitoring at every stage of
the pipeline.

To learn more, check out [http://streamsets.com](http://streamsets.com)

License
------
StreamSets Data Collector is built on open source technologies, our code is licensed with the
[Apache License 2.0](LICENSE.txt).

Getting Help
----------

A good place to start is to check out [http://streamsets.com/community](http://streamsets.com/community). On that page
you will find all the ways you can reach us and channels our team monitors. You can post questions on
[Google Groups sdc-user](https://groups.google.com/a/streamsets.com/forum/#!forum/sdc-user) or on [StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com) using the
tag #StreamSets. Post bugs at [http://issues.streamsets.com](http://issues.streamsets.com) or tweet at us with #StreamSets.

If you need help with production systems, you can check out the variety of support options offered on our
[support page](http://streamsets.com/support).

Contributing code
-----------
We welcome contributors, please check out our [guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.


Changelog
----------
See the latest [changelog](https://streamsets.com/documentation/datacollector/latest/help/index.html#WhatsNew/WhatsNew_Title.html#concept_hz3_5fk_fy)

Commit message:

Added build instructions link on README

README.md, after:

<!---
  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
  limitations under the License. See accompanying LICENSE file.
--->
<img style="width:100%;" src="datacollector_splash.png">

What is StreamSets Data Collector?
-----------

StreamSets Data Collector is an enterprise grade, open source, continuous big data ingestion infrastructure.
It has an advanced and easy to use User Interface that lets data scientists, developers and data infrastructure
teams easily create data pipelines in a fraction of the time typically required to create complex ingest scenarios.
Out of the box, StreamSets Data Collector reads from and writes to a
large number of end-points, including S3, JDBC, Hadoop, Kafka,
Cassandra and many others. You can use Python, Javascript and Java Expression Language in addition to a large number
of pre-built stages to transform and process the data on the fly. For fault tolerance
and scale out, you can setup data pipelines in cluster mode and perform fine grained monitoring at every stage of
the pipeline.

To learn more, check out [http://streamsets.com](http://streamsets.com)

Building StreamSets Data Collector
-----------
To build the Data Collector from source code, [click here for details](BUILD.md).

License
------
StreamSets Data Collector is built on open source technologies, our code is licensed with the
[Apache License 2.0](LICENSE.txt).

Getting Help
----------

A good place to start is to check out [http://streamsets.com/community](http://streamsets.com/community). On that page
you will find all the ways you can reach us and channels our team monitors. You can post questions on
[Google Groups sdc-user](https://groups.google.com/a/streamsets.com/forum/#!forum/sdc-user) or on [StackExchange](http://stackexchange.com) using the
tag #StreamSets. Post bugs at [http://issues.streamsets.com](http://issues.streamsets.com) or tweet at us with #StreamSets.

If you need help with production systems, you can check out the variety of support options offered on our
[support page](http://streamsets.com/support).

Contributing Code
-----------
We welcome contributors, please check out our [guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

Changelog
----------
See the latest [changelog](https://streamsets.com/documentation/datacollector/latest/help/index.html#WhatsNew/WhatsNew_Title.html#concept_hz3_5fk_fy)
